feat: add authorization info to influxdb.api(). (#3668)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/flux/v0.x/stdlib/experimental/influxdb/api.md

API path and returns a record containing the HTTP status code, response headers,
and response body as a byte array.

> `influxdb.api()` requests use the authorization of the `token` (if provided) or the invoking user. InfluxDB applies the same access permissions and limits as when directly accessing the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`influxdb.api()` uses the authorization of the specified `token` or, if executed from
the InfluxDB UI, the authorization of the InfluxDB user that invokes the script.
Authorization permissions and limits apply to each request.
```
